Comrade.
Where's Geum-cheol?
We got intel that he took
his own life by taking cyanide.
I'll take responsibility.
I should've kept a closer watch--
I'm the team leader. It's all on me.
And I'll report so, so you keep quiet.
I should report first.
Watch him closely all the time,
and if you sense
any change in his ideology,
don't hesitate…
to kill him.
What happened?
I was injured while being chased.
I couldn't do anything.
I'm back,
so we should resume the operation.
The team our party sent will arrive soon.
What are you talking about?
I'll have Han I-seop
defect to the North myself.
It's not likely to succeed.
Your face is well known now,
ANSP will keep guard over Han,
so how will you…
Just look into Han's whereabouts. Now.
EUN YEONG-U
They're the suit and shoes
you'll wear tomorrow.
They're my brother's.
I wonder if they fit you.
Why don't you try them on?
My, Yeong-ro.
Your partner was so handsome.
He was so hot!
You think so? He looked a bit dense to me.
He let that partner of Hye-ryeong
walk all over him.
What are you talking about?
Didn't you see him shooting the pistol?
He looked so cool.
He was so manly.
What's he majoring in?
-Which college?
-How did you meet him?
What's the point of being good at shooting
when he's terrible at dancing?
-Stop that.
-Who cares?
-Just move your body, then it's dancing.
-Right.
I think I can only leave…
without worrying about you
when I know you're wearing it.
EUN YEONG-RO'S
Bun-ok.
We need to talk.
How long has it been?
-Sorry?
-When did you two start…
You must've been mocking me.
I don't follow you.
I'm such an idiot.
How did I not know he was with you?
Hearing me say he was in Berlin
and told me to come because he missed me,
you must've found it ridiculous
and mocked me.
I'm so sorry.
You must've looked down on me so much
that you invited him here
when I was working in the dorm,
and walked around with him
having a good time in front of me!